absolute error
accurately identify
achieve superior
adverse events
adverse outcomes
american society
analyses revealed
analyses showed
analysis approach
analysis background
analysis based
analysis identified
analysis problem
analysis revealed
analysis reveals
analysis showed
analysis shows
application areas
approach based
approach leverages
approaches applied
approximate technique
arbitrarily complex
article presents
average error
collected prospectively
common problem
confidence interval
confidence intervals
control group
current approaches
current evidence
current methods
current state
current study
daily lives
deviation error
empirical results
empirical study
existing approaches
existing methods
findings suggest
framework called
future research
future studies
greater understanding
group compared
guide clinical
identify patients
identify potential
identifying patients
important features
important variables
increasing number
increasingly important
independent predictor
independent predictors
individual patient
informed consent
initial experience
institutional review
institutional review board-approved
international conference
interquartile range
knowledge bases
knowledge discovery
kyoto encyclopedia
large amount
large amounts
large number
lessons learned
limitations include
literature review
median follow-up
methods based
missing values
narrative review
national kidney
national kidney foundation
observational study
older adults
outcomes compared
outcomes including
paper describes
paper discusses
paper examines
paper presents
paper proposes
paper shows
patients experienced
patients identified
patients presenting
patients received
patients receiving
patients requiring
patients showed
patients suffer
patients suffering
patients treated
patients undergoing
patients underwent
percentage change
pilot study
poorly understood
positively correlated
preliminary results
present experimental
present study
presents experimental
previous approaches
previously reported
previously validated
prior knowledge
promising results
proposed approach
proposed framework
proposed method
proposed methods
prospectively collected
prospectively maintained
provide accurate
provide information
qualitative study
quantitative analysis
randomized clinical
randomized controlled
randomized trials
randomly selected
recent advances
recent studies
recent years
remains unclear
results demonstrate
results obtained
results showed
results suggest
review background
review board
review board-approved
routinely collected
scoping review
selected patients
showed statistically
significant difference
significant differences
significant impact
significant improvement
significant morbidity
significant portion
significantly higher
significantly improve
significantly improved
significantly longer
significantly lower
significantly shorter
sources including
special attention
statistical analysis
statistical approach
statistical significance
statistically significant
study aimed
study background
study cohort
study design
study found
study included
study period
study population
study shows
successfully performed
sufficiently large
systematic review
technique called
times higher
tract infection
treatment group
treatment option
treatment options
treatment plans
treatment strategies
united states renal
university hospital
valuable insights
waiting times
younger patients
